docs/parser.md, before:

# Parser
The lexer-parser generator is a tool like flex and bison.
Located at parser/, it generates a bottom up parser using the SLR(1) automaton.
The lexer is described in this (file)[lexer.md].

## How it works ?
The file ParserLexer.jl is used to generate the parser.

With your syntax file named lang.syntax for example,
compile it to lang.yy.jl with this command (from the root of the repo) :

```sh
julia parser/LexerParser.jl lang.syntax
```

lang.yy.jl is the file to include to call the parse function
that generates the AST.

## Syntax
To see an improved example, look at the [calculator example](../examples/parser/calculator.md).

This syntax parses additions :
```julia
@lexer:
    # Return the data
    PLUS    -> "+" : (s) -> nothing
    N       -> "-?[num][num]*" : (s) -> Base.parse(Int, s)
    # Ignore it without a function
    BLANK   -> "[\s][\s]*" : nothing

@parser:
    # Root of the AST
    a -> e : (val) -> val

    # Expression
    e -> e PLUS e : (a, _, b) -> a + b
    e -> N : (val) -> val
```

As you can see, two sections are required :

- lexer : Describes which tokens we tokenize.
- parser : Describes how we produce the AST from these tokens.

### Lexer
The syntax is
```
<TOKEN_NAME> -> <REGEX> : <DATA_RULE>
```

Where :
- TOKEN\_NAME : Name of the (terminal) token we match.
- REGEX : A regular expression describing how to match the token.
        The syntax is simplified and non standard See [lexer.md](lexer.md) for the regex syntax.
- DATA\_RULE : If the token is ignored (i.e. a space), put nothing. Otherwise, put a function
        that returns the (possibly null) data of the token, like in this example :
        (s) -> Base.parse(Int, s) to parse an integer value.

Note that the priority is defined from top (most priority) to bottom (least priority).

### Parser
Like in the previous section, the syntax is almost the same :
```
<TOKEN_NAME> -> <PRODUCTION> : <DATA_RULE>
```

Where :
- TOKEN\_NAME : Name of the (non terminal) token we produce.
- PRODUCTION : One or multiple tokens to produce this token (i.e. e PLUS e).
- DATA\_RULE : A function that takes data from each token within PRODUCTION
        and which returns the data for this token.

## Structure
- lexer.jl : Generates all automatons and functions to tokenize the text.
- lexer_\_template.jl : Included in the generated file for runtime (lexical analysis only).
- lexerparser.inc.jl : A file containing definitions for the runtime.
- LexerParser.jl : Main module, exports parsesyntax and generate and has a main function.
- lexerparser.jl : Main file to generate the lexer-parser (parser.yy.jl).
- lexerparser\_template.jl : Contains functions to interact between lexing and parsing modules.
- slr.jl : Generates the SLR(1) automaton and other functions usefull for syntax analysis.
- slr.parse\_template.jl : Included in the generated file for runtime (SLR(1) only).
- syntax.jl : Parses syntax files

Commit message:

parser: Updated locations to be used externaly

docs/parser.md, after:

# Parser
The lexer-parser generator is a tool like flex and bison.
Located at parser/, it generates a bottom up parser using the SLR(1) automaton.
The lexer is described in this (file)[lexer.md].

## How it works ?
The file ParserLexer.jl is used to generate the parser.

With your syntax file named lang.syntax for example,
compile it to lang.yy.jl with this command (from the root of the repo) :

```sh
julia parser/LexerParser.jl lang.syntax
```

lang.yy.jl is the file to include to call the parse function
that generates the AST.

## Syntax
To see an improved example, look at the [calculator example](../examples/parser/calculator.md).

This syntax parses additions :
```julia
@lexer:
    # Return the data
    PLUS    -> "+" : (s) -> nothing
    N       -> "-?[num][num]*" : (s) -> Base.parse(Int, s)
    # Ignore it without a function
    BLANK   -> "[\s][\s]*" : nothing

@parser:
    # Root of the AST
    a -> e : (val) -> val

    # Expression
    e -> e PLUS e : (a, _, b) -> a + b
    e -> N : (val) -> val
```

As you can see, two sections are required :

- lexer : Describes which tokens we tokenize.
- parser : Describes how we produce the AST from these tokens.

### Lexer
The syntax is
```
<TOKEN_NAME> -> <REGEX> : <DATA_RULE>
```

Where :
- TOKEN\_NAME : Name of the (terminal) token we match.
- REGEX : A regular expression describing how to match the token.
        The syntax is simplified and non standard See [lexer.md](lexer.md) for the regex syntax.
- DATA\_RULE : If the token is ignored (i.e. a space), put nothing. Otherwise, put a function
        that returns the (possibly null) data of the token, like in this example :
        (s) -> Base.parse(Int, s) to parse an integer value.

Note that the priority is defined from top (most priority) to bottom (least priority).

### Parser
Like in the previous section, the syntax is almost the same :
```
<TOKEN_NAME> -> <PRODUCTION> : <DATA_RULE>
```

Where :
- TOKEN\_NAME : Name of the (non terminal) token we produce.
- PRODUCTION : One or multiple tokens to produce this token (i.e. e PLUS e).
- DATA\_RULE : A function that takes data from each token within PRODUCTION
        and which returns the data for this token.

#### Locations
We can also display locations using the parser\_pos function.
It returns the start and the end location of the production (left hand side).
Each location contains the line, the column and the index of the point in the source code.

## Structure
- lexer.jl : Generates all automatons and functions to tokenize the text.
- lexer_\_template.jl : Included in the generated file for runtime (lexical analysis only).
- lexerparser.inc.jl : A file containing definitions for the runtime.
- LexerParser.jl : Main module, exports parsesyntax and generate and has a main function.
- lexerparser.jl : Main file to generate the lexer-parser (parser.yy.jl).
- lexerparser\_template.jl : Contains functions to interact between lexing and parsing modules.
- slr.jl : Generates the SLR(1) automaton and other functions usefull for syntax analysis.
- slr.parse\_template.jl : Included in the generated file for runtime (SLR(1) only).
- syntax.jl : Parses syntax files
